Anaconda has the superhuman ability to elongate her limbs and constrict her opponents.
Anaconda has incredible recuperative abilities and she is able to heal non-fatal wounds several times faster than a normal human being.
Built by Arrow Dynamics and designed by Ron Toomer, Anaconda opened in 1991 as the first looping roller coaster to feature an underwater tunnel and the first at Kings Dominion with more than one inversion.
From there riders plunge 144 feet (44 m) twisting to the right passing an on-ride camera and entering an underwater tunnel.
The train exits the tunnel entering a 360-degree vertical loop followed by a sidewinder inversion (a half loop that uses a corkscrew at the top to change direction).
The second part of the ride begins with a butterfly figure-eight element consisting of sharp twists and turns.
"Anaconda" is a song by Trinidadian-born American rapper Nicki Minaj, from her third studio album, The Pinkprint (2014).
Upon release "Anaconda" was met with mixed to positive reviews from music critics, with some of them praising the song's production and Minaj's return to her hip-hop roots.
To further promote the song, Minaj performed it live at the 2014 MTV Video Music Awards and also performed it at Fashion Rocks and the iHeartRadio Music Festival. 
Carolyn Menyes from Music Times gave the song a positive review, calling it a bit "raunchy" though this was "expected" and saying "Anaconda" continues Minaj's promise to move away from her poppier singles such as "Super Bass" and "Starships", and go back to her hardcore rap roots.
From 1892 through 1903, the Anaconda mine was the largest copper-producing mine in the world.
In mid-October 1895 the Rothschilds, French and British, bought one quarter of the stock in Anaconda for $7.5 million.
By 1899 Amalgamated Copper acquired majority stock in the Anaconda Copper Company, and the Rothschilds appear to have had no further role in the company. 
In 1928 Ryan and Percy Rockefeller aggressively speculated on Anaconda shares, causing them to go up at first (at which point they sold) and then to go down (at which point they bought them back).
Anaconda ranked 58th among United States corporations in the value of World War II-military production contracts.
The workers who are under the “copper collar” are referred to as “snakes” and the Anaconda Company is referred to as an “ogre”.
Introduced in 1990, the Colt Anaconda is a large frame double-action revolver featuring a full length under-barrel ejection-rod lug and six round cylinder, designed and produced by the Colt's Manufacturing Company.
There were 2000 Kodiaks made as a special run of Anacondas, breaking away from their long history of naming revolvers after snakes.
